c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.dll
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.pdb
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\StudentsList.dll
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\StudentsList.pdb
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.dll
c:\users\vladyslava_kurbanova\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentsList\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.dll
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.dll
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\StudentsList.dll
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\StudentsList.pdb
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Vladyslava_Kurbanova\Desktop\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\StudentsList.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\StudentsList.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\StudentsList\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.pdb
